Seddon epilogue (#222)
cosmicpython/book: epilogue_1_how_to_get_there_from_here.asciidoc

    - or new ones, and we switch over the downstream things progressively

.Case Study: David Seddon on Taking Small Steps
*******************************************************************************

_Hi, I'm David - one of the tech reviewers on this book. I've worked on
several complex Django monoliths, and so I've known the pain that Bob and
Harry have made all sorts of grand promises about soothing._

_When I was first exposed to the patterns described here, I was rather
excited. I had successfully used some of the techniques already on
smaller projects, but here was a blueprint for much larger, database-backed
systems like the one I work on in my day job. So, I started trying to figure
out how I could implement it at my current organization._

_I chose to tackle a problem area of the code base that had always bothered me.
I began by implementing it as a use case. But I found myself running
into unexpected questions. There were things that I hadn't considered
while reading that now made it difficult to see what to do. Was it a
problem if my use case interacted with two different aggregates? Could
one use case call another? And how was it going to exist within

> a system that followed different architectural principles without resulting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an existing system that followed different architectural principles without resulting
```
